DOCSP-49056: Server Selection (#618)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/includes/troubleshooting/server-selection-timeout.rst

Driver Throws a Timeout During Server Selection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Each driver operation requires that you choose a server that
satisfies the :manual:`server selection criteria
</core/read-preference-mechanics>`. If you do not select an appropriate

> server within the `server selection timeout <{+new-api-root+}/MongoDB.Driver.Legacy/MongoDB.Driver.MongoServerSettings.ServerSelectionTimeout.html>`__, the driver throws a

Reviewer: Legacy driver is deprecated and not supported anymore, please reference to the [current driver instead](https://mongodb.github.io/mongo-csharp-driver/3.3.0/api/MongoDB.Driver/MongoDB.Driver.MongoClientSettings.ServerSelectionTimeout.html)

           State: "Disconnected",
           ServerVersion: ,
           TopologyVersion: ,
           Type: "Unknown",
           HeartbeatException: "<exception details>"
       }] 
   }.

The error message consists of multiple parts:

1. The server selection timeout (30000 ms).
#. The server selectors considered (``CompositeServerSelector``
   containing ``AreSessionsSupportedServerSelector``,
   ``LatencyLimitingServerSelector``, and
   ``OperationsCountServerSelector``).
#. The driver’s current view of the cluster topology. The list of
   servers that the driver is aware of is a key part of this view. Each
   server description contains an exhaustive description of its current
   state including information about an endpoint, a server version, a
   server type, and its current health state. If the server encounters issues in
   reporting its health, ``HeartbeatException`` contains the exception from the
   last failed heartbeat. Analyzing the ``HeartbeatException`` on each
   cluster node can assist in diagnosing most server selection issues.
   The following heartbeat exceptions are common:
   
   * ``No connection could be made because the target machine actively

>      refused it``: The driver cannot see this cluster node. This can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     refused it``: The driver cannot see this cluster node. This might be
```

     because the cluster node has crashed, a firewall is preventing
     network traffic from reaching the cluster node or port, or some other
     network error is preventing traffic from being successfully routed to
     the cluster node.
   * ``Attempted to read past the end of the stream``: This error
     happens when the driver cannot connect to the cluster nodes due to a
     network error, misconfigured firewall, or other network issue. To
     address this exception, ensure that all cluster nodes are reachable.
     This error commonly occurs when the client machine’s IP address is

>      not configured in the Atlas IPs Access List, which can be found under
>      the :guilabel:`Network Access` tab for your Atlas Project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     not configured in the Atlas IPs Access List, which you can find under
     the :guilabel:`Network Access` tab for your Atlas Project.
```
